# DungeonTA
Mini text adventure in Ruby. To build it I followed along Chapter 6 of the book <em>Beginning Ruby 3</em> by Carleton DiLeo and Peter Cooper. This project is intended to get the readers used to building stuff the <em>Ruby way</em> and to solidify on the concepts of classes, objects, and modules which are introduced within the same chapter.

<h2>Description of the code</h2>
It is all built upon the idea that there should be a general class for the dungeon that encapsulates the whole concept of the game. The player would then be the link between the dungeon and the user, and everything would be experienced through it. Finally, the rooms are the locations that the player can navigate. 

To keep it simple only two rooms were added this time: a large cave and a small cave. The Dungeon class includes the methods for navigation. Dungeon#start defines the starting location of the player by taking the specific location as a parameter (in this case either :largecave or :smallcave), and it then shows the description of the starting room by calling on Dungeon#show_current_description, a method that takes no parameters but uses the player's location as reference to provide the description of the room. More importantly, the Dungeon#go method takes in a direction (in this case either :west or :east) and moves the player in that direction while also providing the description of the new room. The Room and Player classes are used only to initialize the player and the rooms. 

<h2>Learnings</h2>
I decided to take on this book to complement my learning path from The Odin Project. I got stuck in the first ruby project on the platform since I couldn't wrap my head around the structure of ruby programs. I was getting overwhelmed by the idea of setting up classes or modules, and I just couldn't picture how to do so (even though they do teach this) and how to reason through the logic of doing so. Because of this I got stuck, and I wanted to look at more beginner resources in an attempt to improve my understanding of these concepts and increase my confidence in writing code the <em>Ruby way</em>. 

I'm glad the authors of the book take the reader by the hand in the building of this project as it was something I much needed to understand the structure. I believe this has helped me increase my confidence using these concepts and my understanding of them. They expalined every step of the building stage which allowed me to understand the logic of their decisions and the general structure of the game. Regardless, I did get lost when the methods started connecting to each other and I'm still struggling to make sense of certain aspects of the code, however, I do have a better understanding of how to do things in Ruby and how to implement classes.
